# UI

We have focused on making a user interface that makes the cookbook easy to use. There is two scenes in this project. The scene where the user can **log in or register** for the cookbook, and a **cookbook** scene where all the rest of the functionality is managed. The FXML files is generated by help from JavaFX scene builder.   
We use panes in the cookbook scene to make it fast and easy to change the objects that should be visible on the screen. for example if the user wants to get a random recipe, than the "addNewRecipePane" should not be visible. 

## Classes in UI module:

## main

### access

The purpose of the access classes is to facilitate communication between the Cookbook application and the external server. 

- [CookbookAccess.java](/cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/access/CookbookAccess.java) - This interface defines methods that must be implemented to access a cookbook through user accounts. Can be implemented by different classes depending on how they will interact with the data.
- [LocalCookbookAccess.java](cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/access/LocalCookbookAccess.java) - Implements CookbookAccess, and handles access to a local cookbook. 

- [RemoteCookbookAccess.java](cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/access/RemoteCookbookAccess.java) - Also implements CookbookAccess, but focuses on handling access to the cookbook through an external REST API. 

- [ServerStatusChecker.java](/cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/ServerStatusChecker.java) - Checks if the server is running


### Controller classes:
- [CookbookController.java](/cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/CookBookController.java) - Controller class for the cookbook applications main UI
- [MainApp.java](/cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/MainApp.java) - Starts the Cookbook Application
- [UserController.java](/cookbook/ui/src/main/java/ui/UserController.java) - Handles the users interaction with the login and signup screen.


### resources: 
- [User.fxml](/cookbook/ui/src/main/resources/ui/User.fxml) - fxml-file for the login/signup screen
- [Cookbook.fxml](/cookbook/ui/src/main/resources/ui/CookBook.fxml) - fxml-file for the Cookbook screen
- [UserData.fxml](cookbook/ui/src/main/resources/ui/UserData.json) - .json-file for saving UserData locally

## test

- [CookbookControllerTest.java](cookbook/ui/src/test/java/ui/CookBookControllerTest.java) - tests the CookbookController-class
- [MainAppTest.java](cookbook/ui/src/test/java/ui/MainAppTest.java) - tests the MainApp-class
- [UserControllerTest.java](cookbook/ui/src/test/java/ui/UserControllerTest.java)- tests the UserController-class

### resources:
- [UserDataTest](cookbook/ui/src/test/java/ui/resources/ui/UserDataTest.json) - .json file for saving UserData from tests